The objective of this assignment is to program your own hangman game. Hangman is a guessing game, in which
players try to guess a word by suggesting letters, within a certain number of guesses. Your program should eventually announce that the user has won if all characters are guessed within 10 tries:
> ./hangman
I’m thinking of a word: ------- , what character shall I reveal? a
I’m thinking of a word: -a----- , what character shall I reveal? e
I’m thinking of a word: -a--e-- , what character shall I reveal? t
I’m thinking of a word: -atte-- , what character shall I reveal? f
I’m thinking of a word: -atter- , what character shall I reveal? b
I’m thinking of a word: batter- , what character shall I reveal? y
I’m thinking of a word: battery , great, you have won the game!
When more than 10 tries are needed, the game should announce (use your own words) that the user has lost:
> ./hangman
I’m thinking of a word: ------- , what character shall I reveal? x
I’m thinking of a word: ------y , what character shall I reveal? y
I’m thinking of a word: ------y , what character shall I reveal? t
I’m thinking of a word: --tt--y , what character shall I reveal? o
...
I’m thinking of a word: --tt--y , what character shall I reveal? b
I’m thinking of a word: b-tt--y , Too bad, I have won!
Use the following steps to code a class HGame with hgame.h and hgame.cpp:
! Inspect how the class WordGame is implemented: It contains a large array of strings, called dictionary
! Inherit a class HGame from WordGame with a private variable myWord as an object of class string
! Create a member function reveal that works similarly to the function in exercise 31, which returns an int
for the number of dashes that were still displayed, and uses the classes’ myWord string. (Hint: you can for
instance use reveal(char c[10]) that displays all characters from c[10] and dashes for the others)
! Create a constructor that selects a random string from dictionary using the rand() and srand()
functions from cstdlib and the getSize() member function of WordGame.
Then use an object of class HGame in your main function, implemented in hangman.cpp, to develop the Hangman game.